Translated and proofread by Borcolasky
♪Tonight. you're mine completely.
You give your love. so sweetly♪
♪Tonight. the light of love is in your eyes.
Will you still love me tomorrow♪
♪Is this a lasting treasure♪
♪Or just a moment's pleasure♪
I need to get somebody down there
Ma'am. are you okay?
Can you hear me?
I got someone on the south lawn. we need paramedics over here right away
-Copy that.  -Jesus Christ. what happened to you?
In-laws. Did you say in-laws?
What about your in-laws. ma'am?
Hey. hey. hey. stay with us.
Just keep your eyes on me.
Take it easy.
Slow. steady breaths.
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
She's down!
Get that stretcher over here!
Just get her loaded up. On my count. one hand down.
Critical condition.
Ready?
One. two. three!
One. two... Up!
Stay with us.
She in?
Yeah.
Let's get a set of vitals on her.
I'm gonna get oxygen on.
the mask's on
I'm gonna check pupils.
Orthostatic.
I don't have a pressure.
No pupil response.
Let's check her pulse.
No pulse.
She's in cardiac arrest.
Starting compressions.
Charging.
Two hundred.
Ready.
Clear.
Ortho coming in with a Caucasian female.
Mid to late twenties.
In severe shock.
Multiple lacerations.
Possible gunshot wound through the left hand.
Through and through.
Pulse.
No pulse.
I'll get her compressions again.
Charging.
Two hundred.
Clear.
She's in cardiac arrest.
I'll test it.
Three. two. one.
You'll see
Hah... hah...
Mrs. Le Domas?
Where am I?
You're in Woodbury . Connecticut.
St. John's Hospital.
Why am I handcuffed?
-Mrs. Le Domas. -It's Ms. MacCaullay.
It says here you married an Alex Le Domas.
It didn't work out.
I'm Detective Roger Bassett.
You're in some trouble. Ms. MacCaullay.
You're being detained by the Woodbury Police Department.
Under suspicion of arson and murder.
They found the remains of two people in the house after they put out the fire.
And your clothes were drenched in blood.
It wasn't yours.
Now. if you'd care to make a statement.
Could you pass me a cigarette?
This is not going to go well for you. Ms. MacCaullay.
Things would go a lot easier if you would just cooperate.
She has a visitor.
Are you expecting someone?
Oh. shit.
Look at you.
What are you doing here?
Well. I'm still your emergency contact.
So. thanks for that.
Who are you?
Faith MacCaullay.
Family?
Biologically speaking. yeah. we're sisters. but we're not family.
Okay.
I'm going to give you a few minutes.
Then I'm going to take you to the station.
Get that statement.
What happened?
You wouldn't believe me.
That's probably true. but I drove all the way out to bumfuck Connecticut.
-so...  -Where'd you come from?
You mean. where do I live?
Sure.
Murray Hill.
I'm in Chelsea.
Yeah. cool.
How long have you lived in New York?
I moved out there when I was 18.
Just like you.
-And you never thought... -Grace. come on.
You made it very clear a long time ago that
you're not interested in being my sister. okay?
And the feeling's mutual.
I'm not here for a reunion.
Yeah. it's good to see you. too.
How are you?
I'm fucking amazing.
Yeah?
Yeah. really good.
I'm a social media coordinator.
I live in a kick-ass one bedroom and I have a hot-as-fuck boyfriend named Derek.
And I didn't have to fuck Alex Le Domas to get it.
I did it all by myself.
How do you know about Alex?
I saw you together once at the Whole Foods on 25th and 7th.
He's tall.
You could have said something.
Why?
I'm in a good place.
You're a negative person.
I'm not a negative person.
And even though you abandoned me... I did not abandon you.
I still believe in the fundamental goodness of humanity.
Oh my God. if you knew what I'd just been through...  -Then tell me.
I told you you wouldn't believe me.
Alright. I'm glad you're okay.
But you haven't changed.
I'm just gonna go.
Um...
Faith. wait.
After the wedding. Alex tells me I have to pull a card.
Play whatever game it says.
Some kind of initiation ritual.
Which I thought was weird.
But I wanted them to like me because they were gonna be my new family.
Anyway...
I pull hide and seek.
And it gets real quiet.
Because apparently...
That's the bad card.
And they think they have to try to sacrifice me to the devil.
They told me I could win.
If I stayed hidden till dawn.
But they thought...
If I won...
They'd die.
Heh.
So they hunted me.
I got...
Shot through the hand.
Beat to shit by a butler.
And my...
My husband... Stabbed me.
But I made it till dawn.
I fucking won.
So...
Did they drop dead?
No.
They blew up.
And then after they blew up. there was a guy in a chair.
And he nodded at me.
Who was the guy in the chair?
I don't know.
But he was see-through. so I'm pretty sure he was...
You know...
You are so going to jail.
Yeah.
Approve the ceasefire.
Good morning. Mr. Danforth.
It's been a long time.
I have some news.
Leave us.
The Le Domases are no more.
Hmm.
Pernilla.
Can you find my children?
Of course.
I'll inform the others.
Wei.
Call all my lawyers right away
[Mandarin] 马上把我的律师都叫来
Right away
[Mandarin] 马上
The collection of the weathered houses.
Clothurnburg.
Charlotte.
Leave the damn hair alone. Carmen!
[Spanish] ¡Deja el puto pelo. Carmen!
Shit!
[Spanish] ¡Coño!
Who wrote this shit?
I'll just wing it.
I'll do my own thing.
Like always.
Motherfucker!
[Spanish] ¡Puta madre!
Screw this bitch!
[Spanish] ¡Me cago en esta puta!
Come on. Katia!
[Spanish] ¡Ven ya. Katia!
Oh. God!
[Spanish] ¡Ay. Dios!
Hey. all right.
Tell William the guy shot the jet.
It's my time. motherfucker.
Benson.
Bring me my knife!
This is our chance!
Le Bail be praised!
Yeah!
Shot!
Father
So the Le Domas failed.
The bride survived.
The ball is in play.
No.
That's not fair.
It's... it's ours!
It doesn't matter.
It's in the rules.
You know what you have to do.
Dad.
Please.
Be a fucking man!
You're a Danforth.
This... must never leave our family.
You must win the seat back.
We will.
You have my word.
Well. get on with it.
Titus.
It's over.
Not for the bride.
All right. Mrs. MacCaullay.
We'll get you some clothes.
Then continue our conversation at the station.
I can't wait for you to tell me about that goat...
It's all gonna be yours.
Fuck the rules!
Please. please.
Mrs. Le Domas!
What is going on
This can't be happening again
Listen. I need a weapon.
I'm going back to the car.
Do not leave me
Okay. Okay
You hurting me!
Not so good at hide and seek now!
Oh my God! What the fuck!
Okay.
There could be more coming.
I gotta get out of these cuffs.
Okay?
What the fuck?
We gotta get out of here and disappear.
What the fuck are you doing?
We might have to fight.
I can't fight in this gown.
No time to look for new clothes.
You have to fight?
Okay. okay.
Come on. we gotta go.
What a mess.
Looks like Mr. Wilkinson tried to.
Killed the girl before the game could begin.
And condemned his entire bloodline to a premature end.
Well. that's what happens when you break one of Mr. LaBelle's rules.
Hello there.
And who might you be?
And right then I knew that we were both going to make it.
Because we had this moment to live for.
And here we are.
We made it.
I love you so much.
Mark.
When we met that day in the chemo ward.
Ladies and gentlemen.
I am terribly sorry to tell you but I'm going
to have to ask you all to vacate the premises.
Unfortunately. we have a gas leak.
Are you fucking kidding me?
She's not.
Kindly get the fuck out.
Besides. you could do way better.
Attention ladies and gentlemen.
do on procedures...
These people need to go home.
Get the fuck out.
Why do you always feel the need to be such a dick?
Your little grace goes a long way.
Well. that was funny.
Today is not the day for funny.
Dad gave us a mission and I'm not going to let him down.
Yo!
Cousins!
How long has it been?
I'm gonna sign it up.
Come get me when the fireworks start.
Dick tap!
You don't have to speak to him.
Just don't start anything. okay?
Not today.
Fucking Kip.
It had to be done.
You look just like him when you're sad.
I'll repeat. please remain calm and proceed to the exits in an orderly fashion.
Ladies and gentlemen. pack up your shit and get the fuck out.
Please.
When was the last time the council actually convened in person?
October. 1963.
I looked it up.
Well. they're on their way to the lodge now.
And so it begins.
Oh. man.
Yeah.
Ignacio.
Felipe.
Good morning. Mrs. Danforth.
[Spanish] Buenos Días. Senora Danforth.
You haven't aged a day.
No Francesca?
I thought for sure she'd want to be here for this.
She'll be along. believe me.
She wouldn't miss this for the world.
It's exciting.
Well. it's exciting for me.
It's terrifying for you.
Yes. and you.
Vamos. Felipe.
Ursula.
Titus.
You remember my son? Cheng Fu
Chenxing. Chengfu. Welcome.
[Mandarin] 晨星，成福。欢迎。
What's the Wi-Fi password?
Be nice
Madhu
Viraj
Martina. welcome.
So how's this shit work?
Our guests will be arriving soon. and then the lawyer will explain everything.
Ah. lawyer.
Speak slow for this beautiful dum-dum over here.
Single-syllable words.
It appears our guest of honor is arriving.
Hello. Grace.
I'm Ursula Danforth.
This is my brother Titus.
Welcome to our home.
May I speak to her. Father?
Yes. yes. go ahead. Felipe.
[Spanish] Sí. sí. ándale. Felipe.
It can't hurt you.
Did you see Mr. LeBail?
One second.
I just gotta take a quick selfie before we start.
Yo!
This girl bested the Le Domases.
And Bill Wilkinson.
Can we start this. please?
And where the fuck is Chester?
Our father... passed.
What the fuck?
What?
Last night. in his sleep.
Wait. wait. wait.
So does that mean that you're playing now?
As we are twins. we will both be taking the field. yes?
What the fuck?
No.
How convenient.
I told you the Danforths are snakes
[Spanish] Te dije que los Danforths son unas víboras
It's fine
[Spanish] Está bien
And that they were going to cheat
Y que iban a hacer trampas
Okay. don't worry
Ya. no te preocupes
Grace. I realize this must be terrifying for you.
But you are here for a very special. very exciting reason.
You've caused quite a stir. Mrs. Le Domas.
MacCaullay!
I am the sole attorney for Mr. LaBelle and the LaBelle organization.
The organization is led by a council made up of the heads of six families.
including your in-laws.
Now The DeMoss and Wilkinson families have been wiped out.
The council of six families is currently down to four.
The reason you're here is that by surviving Le DeMoss' game of hide and
seek. you triggered a very seldom used clause in our organization's bylaws.
You see. on the council there is one seat with more power than the others.
The high seat.
And it comes with this. sigil of power.
Until now. that seat was occupied by Chester Danforth.
I presume you've heard of him.
Because you triggered that clause. the high seat is
now vacant for the first time in many. many years.
And. believe it or not. you've been given an opportunity to win the high seat.
It's very rare that someone survives a game. so it comes with this reward.
And the heads of the remaining council families will try to win the seat for you.
For themselves.
Or in our case. take back what should still be ours.
This clause is so fucking stupid.
Ah. you're afraid one of us is going to take Daddy's place. eh?
You never know.
Mrs. Le DeMoss could win.
So. as Ms. Danforth said. this is all actually good news.
Mr. LeBail has smiled upon thee.
Hail Satan.
Do you...
have any questions?
Uh-huh.
I have
Can I have a cigarette?
No.
Your sister's existence was quite a surprise.
You told the Le Domas that you had no family. and yet. here is faith.
Grace and faith. fucking Irish Catholics.
Listen.
We can make this real quick. because I don't want your fucking chair.
I suppose I wasn't clear.
The high seat controls the council. and the council controls...
well. everything.
Everything?
The world.
So what. I just have to pull another card or something?
That won't be necessary.
Think of this as double or nothing.
Because you survived Le Domas' game of
hide and seek. you will play that game again.
No!
This time. with the council members.
Fucking baby shit bun.
So for me to win the seat?
Survive until dawn.
And the rest of them?
This part will be familiar.
They will try to kill you.
Whoever does. wins the seat.
Now. we must fill the seat by dawn. or Mr. LeBail will be...
very upset.
-The winner will...  -Ah! Fuck yeah!
You little brat!
[Mandarin] 臭孩子！
Hail Satan.
The winner will be coronated in a special ceremony in the Black Temple.
The crème de la crème of Mr. LeBail's faithful will be in attendance.
That's the whole thing.
I'm not playing.
Oh. I'm sorry.
That's the other thing.
I'M NOT PLAYING!
You have to compete.
I'm still not playing.
Okay.
Prunella. kill the sister.
NO!
FUCK!
DON'T HURT HER!
You can take that off.
Listen!
You guys seem like good people!
And I don't even know why I'm here!
We haven't seen each other in. like. seven years!
Why not?
It's complicated.
Nice leverage. moron.
This thing doesn't even care about the other thing.
You two don't get along?
We had a falling out.
About what?
Just her being an asshole.
Look. allow me to wrap up.
The game will begin at exactly 2.31 p.m.
In observance of the exact time Mr.LeBail...
Daddy!
Mi amor.
Well. holy shit. here you are.
Okay.
Francesca El Caído. you dumb slut.
Alex's ex-fiancée.
Where the fuck is my ring. bitch?
He bought it for me before you stole him.
I threw it at him right before he exploded.
You're nothing but a cold-hearted whore.
You see. Alex wasn't stupid. but he sure was fucking gullible.
You ruined my life.
And I don't even know who the fuck you are.
Okay. No. no. no.
Ladies and gentlemen. we should get moving.
Pernilla.
Wait.
I want to do it.
No. no. no.
I want to...
I just want you to know it's going to be me who gets you.
Okay?
No. no. no.
No!
No. no. no. I just an Emergency Contact!
The council members must use a weapon that existed
during the period in which their ancestor...
..made his or her bargain with Mr.LeBail.
The council members are not allowed to kill each other.
If they do. even by accident. Mr. LeBail will be angry.
And the offending family's entire bloodline will be punished.
Beyond that. anything goes.
Translated and proofread by Borcolasky
I... I don't want to use the blood pen.
Or can you at least sterilize it.
Fuck's sake.
The families may observe the proceedings from the club room.
In the unlikely event that any of the hunters should perish. the next person in
that family's line of succession must take their place on the field.
Best of luck to you all.
Aren't you going to change. bro?
Why?
None of us are going to have to go out there.
Chester trained his kids since they could walk in case this day ever came.
This will be over in five minutes.
There.
It better be.
I got a massage in an hour.
The girl will begin the game on the ninth hole green.
Hunters. take your places.
The game will begin in ten. nine. eight. seven. six. five. four.
3 2 1
three. two. one.
There are no fucking keys.
Oh. did I forget to put the keys in there?
Fuck.
Cheaters!
Go!
-Idiots  -Spoof you. Suckers.
Faith
Yeah
Faith. wake up!
Please. stop it.
Come on.
We gotta get up.
We gotta move.
Shit!
We gotta get up.
Fuck!
Oh. God!
They're coming!
Why do they want to hurt me?
They don't give a shit about you.
You're here to slow me down.
If you don't do exactly what I say. we are going to die.
Do you understand?
So we obviously share the seat when we get it back. but who gets to wear the ring?
Well. Dad wanted me to be the one in charge. so...
Bullshit.
He told me.
Well. he told me.
It should be me.
No. he didn't.
We're gonna get to the woods.
We're gonna go to the woods.
Wait. wait. wait.
What if there's people waiting for us in the fucking woods?
Stop.
It's not a debate.
I am in charge.
Oh. you're in charge?
It's your fucking fault I'm here.
All I did was forget to remove you as my emergency contact.
It's been seven years.
You don't know anybody else.
Fine.
Whoever kills her gets to wear the ring.
I'm not agreeing to that.
What the fuck is that?
God!
Oh. shit.
What is that?
Whoa. hold on.
Listen.
This is Wan Chenxing.
We met earlier.
Whoa. hold on.
There's a way out of this.
I had my lawyers scour the bylaws and we found a loophole.
All we have to do is...
Oh. my God!
Nice shot.
There she is.
Get her.
Oh. my God.
God damn it.
Skippy. screens.
They weren't supposed to make it off the green.
Give me the fucking thing.
God damn it.
There's no way we're getting over that.
There's gotta be a tree we could climb.
Oh. we're gonna climb with handcuffs?
Okay.
Okay. okay. fuck.
Okay. turn it on.
What the fuck is this?
No. just press input one.
Yeah. no. it's right.
Show me fucking input one.
Go. press menu. and then go.
My. you're stupid fucking idiots.
Where the fuck are they?
Grace. we've been running forever!
Fuck. ow. fuck!
Can you just slow down. please?
Oh. I'm sorry.
Okay.
I can't believe you dragged me into this shit.
How does this even happen?
You're telling me you didn't know your fiancé was in a devil cult?
Seems kind of hard to miss.
I mean. your attention must have been on all that money.
What?
What does that mean?
Nothing. I'm just saying that I work for my shit.
and I don't need some rich dick to solve my problems.
Ew.
Fuck you.
Okay. what does Derek do?
Finance.
Oh. and I'm chasing Rich Dick?
He was a starving actor when we first met.
Starving actor with a fallback MBA?
You think I made up Derek?
Kinda now. yeah.
You think I'm pathetic.
You just can't handle it that I made it and you didn't.
Grace?
There's no use in hiding.
I know you think we're the bad guys here.
But there are no good guys or bad guys.
There's just the system.
Whether you realize it or not...
you're a part of it. too.
You contribute to it.
How you enable it.
I'm no more evil than you are.
We just a small part of something that is much bigger than us.
We can do it. we can do it. we can do it. we can do it.
And die with a little dignity.
Handcuffs!
Go. go. go! Run. run. run!
Get up.
Oh My God
You cannot fuck up like that.
The only way to make what we did to dad mean
something is to win that fucking seat back.
Titus!
Do you understand?
That is the only way it matters.
Let's go to that building and look for a phone.
The longer we're on this property. the better there are chances of finding us.
We need to figure out a way to get out of here.
Over that wall.
Let's just make a run for it.
It's completely exposed.
You are too impulsive.
You never think things through.
Look. they don't have anywhere to hide either.
You're gonna get us both killed.
And now it's my turn.
[Spanish] Y ahora me toca. toca a mí.
I've screwed the Danforths.
[Spanish] A los Danforth ya los jodí.
What do you think you can win. girl?
[Spanish] ¿Qué vas a ganar. tía?
Not a chance in hell!
[Spanish] ¡Ni eso ni pollos en vinagre!
Damn it. you asshole
[Spanish] Joder. gilipollas.
It's too risky.
Just. okay. just let me think this through.
Sometimes you gotta take a risk.
Is that gunfire?
Finally. finally. finally. finally
[Spanish] Por fin. ya. ya. ya. por fin
Oh. found them.
Who's fucking shooting them?
Your dad fucking sucks.
Shit.
He never practices.
If she gets away. I swear to fucking God.
Are you sure you want to do that?
I was just...
Oh Fuck!
He's getting better.
No more fucking risk!
I have an idea.
Damn it!
[Spanish] ¡Joder!
Now it's really my turn
[Spanish] Ahora que sí que me toca a mí
What the hell is that?
[Spanish] ¿Qué diablos es?
Shit. shit. shit!
[Spanish] ¡Mierda. mierda. mierda!
Shit!
[Spanish] ¡Coño!
Oh my God!
Let's go. let's go. let's go. let's go!
Fucker!
Oh my God!
Don't look at it. don't look at it!
No. no. no. no. no.
Thanks god. he survived
[Spanish] ¡De esta libré
Okay
Son of a bitch!
[Spanish] ¡Hijo de la gran puta!
Fuck!
We've got to find a phone.
You're leaving a trail of blood behind.
We need to sit down.
Come on.
Sit here.
Sit.
Fuck.
Oh.
Alright. let's do the little one.
One.
Two.
Three.
Just focus on me.
Ready?
Okay. what are you. a part-time nurse too?
I don't know. maybe I am.
So. what did you do after you graduated?
Oh.
I. um. I didn't finish.
I had to drop out.
Seriously?
Yeah. then I waited tables.
After all that follow your dreams shit?
Yeah. well sometimes dreams don't work out.
And then I met Alex.
And that dream didn't work out either.
Okay.
It's gonna burn.
All right.
I tried to find you. you know.
I wanted to invite you to a wedding.
I wouldn't have come.
I know. but I wanted you to know that I wanted you there.
Well. there's no fucking way you would have got me in one of those ugly-ass
bridesmaids' dresses. so...
Alright. alright.
Shot for the pain?
Yeah.
Although nothing's gonna numb the pain of being with you.
To surviving till dawn.
Again.
Come on. this way!
Listen. we... we're gonna have to fight him.
But we can take it.
Fight him?
We gonna do.
It's okay.
We can take it.
We've always had each other's backs in the fight.
Okay?
We can do this.
It's now or never.
You hold still.
You can't hide!
Fuck!
Oh my God. if it was me out there. she'd be dead.
Yes. of course. it'd be you.
Come on. baby.
Come on. come on. come on.
Go!
Get that bitch!
You!
We are gonna need some glasses. cause we're about to have a toast.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Ah!
No. no. no. no. no!
What the fuck?
Bath time!
No. no. hey. hey. hey!
Ah!
What are you doing?
He might have a phone.
Jesus!
Fuck!
Oh god!
Shit!
Dookie. Dookie. can you help me. please?
No. you got this.
You're doing great.
I'm not.
I'll just get in the way.
Oh. look!
You did it!
Thanks for your help.
He's gone.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Mr. Rajan?
He's gone.
Mr. Rajan. as your brother has left this mortal plane. you may take the field.
Do I have to?
Your family must be represented by the eldest member or legally
appointed head of household in all trials of succession.
Per Article 2. Section 3. Subsection C.
Failure to do so would mean forfeiture of Mr. LeBail's favor.
-You mean. um... -I'm afraid so.
What about my wife?
Are you saying you want to abdicate your status as head of the Rajan family?
And make my wife hunt?
Yes.
Motherfucker!
[Croatian] Jebem ti mater da ti jebem.
And screw your whole damn bloodline!
[Croatian] I u pičku maternu i u sto pičke materne.
You disgusting bastard!
[Croatian] Gade jedan gade!
God damn you to hell!
[Croatian] Crko da bog da!
Motherfucker!
I'll just need you to sign that.
Madhu. if you sign that...
I will make you very dead.
This is hard for me too.
Fuck it.
Okie dokie.
Ma'am. if you please.
911. what's your emergency?
I need help. my sister and I are being...
We're at the Danforth Casino. golf course. whatever. compound.
People are trying to kill us.
I'm sorry ma'am. could you slow down and repeat yourself?
I decided to capture all the outgoing calls on the compound
just in case they managed to get their hands on a phone.
How?
We own the phone company.
And they're all devil worshippers.
I know it sounds insane. but we need help.
We're at the Danforth Resort. please send someone.
Yes. I understand.
We will send help right away.
Can you make it to the main gate?
Yeah. we'll be there.
Ok.
Are you sure about this?
Yeah. I'm sure.
I'm not here to hurt you.
Oh.
Do you hear that Faith?
The lady with the sword isn't here to hurt us.
Right.
I have no desire to get into some punchy. kicky situation with you.
There's a way out of this.
I'm not here to kill you.
I'm here...
to offer you a deal.
Alright. what is it?
I had my lawyers scour the bylaws.
I don't think the other council members know this. but if you marry into a high
council family. if you marry my son. we get the seat and you get to live.
Bullshit!
I swear to Mr. LaBelle.
She says yes.
No more Hunt.
And look. I know your first marriage didn't end well.
But my Cheng-Fu isn't like Alex.
He's an idiot. but he's kind.
And the world will be far better off without the Danforths pulling the strings.
Grace.
Titus is a psychopath.
His sister won't be able to control him.
And the world will go to hell faster than it already is.
But you're a good person.
Of course not.
But it's a matter of degrees.
Right. okay. so I'm just married to some stranger.
-Yes. but...  -Great!
You don't have to live as a couple.
You can do whatever you want.
Yeah. she'll do it.
No.
What?
No. this seems too easy.
What. I wouldn't have to do anything?
Well...
Okay. well. what would she have to do?
Technically. she'd be part of the organization. but
she'd just have to do the usual stuff we all have to do.
It's not so bad.
What's that?
What's the usual stuff?
I mean... You mean sacrificing goats and shit and pigs?
Fucking killing innocent people?
Selling my fucking soul?
Yeah. that's gonna be a no.
Damn it
[Spanish] Puta madre.
Fuck off. Ignacio!
You fucking weirdo!
You know you can't kill me!
Say yes!
Right now!
Move!
If you don't. I have to kill you before he does!
Jesus Christ!
I'll do it!
I'll marry your fucking son!
Chen!
Hurry up!
Move!
Say yes. Jesus!
Just say yes!
Do it!
Yeah!
Please!
Chen!
She'll do it!
She'll marry your fucking son!
She has to say it!
You have to say it!
God damn it!
Why is everyone looking at me?
Okay. well...
I'll need a fresh one of these. stat.
And. uh. give me a poncho or something.
Thanks. Jen.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm really not used to people combusting all over me.
Yeah.
No.
It's always surprising.
Why did you say no?
You could have saved us.
Uh. because I don't want to spend the rest of my life fucking killing people.
Okay.
That lady sold her soul.
I'm not gonna sell mine.
I'd rather be dead than live like that.
You wanna know why I don't take risks?
It's because the one time... I did.
I got fucked and moved to New York and I...
and I lost you.
You didn't move to New York.
You left me.
Faith. we can't do this right now.
You could have taken me with you.
I was 18!
It was a once-in-a-lifetime scholarship.
-How do you not...  -We were a team.
You could have become my legal guardian.
You were 15?
I couldn't take care of you?
I could have helped with rent.
How?
It was New York.
You were a kid.
Yeah. your kid sister.
I told you.
I had a plan.
I was gonna make a better life for both of us.
I was gonna bring you out once I graduated.
Do you know how long three years is at that age?
Faith. you were okay.
You were safe.
Grace... We had decent foster parents.
You had a roof over your head.
Grace...
You left me.
I called you for years.
You didn't wanna talk to me!
I was mad.
It broke my fucking heart.
After you broke mine.
You remember the last thing you said to me?
I said. please don't go. and you said. I have to.
There's no other way.
I'm fucking sorry.
I'm happy for you.
I'm very happy for you and your perfect life.
I made up Derek.
I live in Bushwick. and I'm not a social media manager.
What do you do?
I'm a hostess.
Technically. as a waitress. I outrank you.
They made me a hostess because they said I'm so pretty.
Yeah. but you don't get any tips.
I get a lot of tips because I'm really pretty.
Well. I don't need tips because my fake boyfriend Derek makes bank. so...
Right. right. right. right.
God bless Derek.
Let's go.
Where are they?
Shit. can you get that?
It could be them.
Answer it.
I don't want to answer it.
They can't get the same 911 operator twice.
The fuck do I say?
Just fucking answer it.
911.
What's your emergency?
We're here.
Where are the cops?
Where are you?
We're following a wall to the main gate.
I don't see a cop car.
The unit is close.
Just wait there at the gate. and they will see you.
You bitch.
Did you see that?
Nice.
So. we knew it was your voice on the phone. fucking dumbass.
Yeah. idiots.
We've been watching you.
Good for you.
All right. well. tell us how to open the gate.
Well. you can only do that from the control room.
How do we get there?
Yeah.
Well. you go back inside. you make a left.
The elevator on the far right is the only one that descends to the sub-basement.
You make a right. you go into the control room.
When you're inside...
you figure it out yourself.
Tell us how to open it.
I don't feel like it.
Tell us how to open the gate. or we're gonna kill your brother.
Fine.
Kill him.
I'm not fucking around.
Yeah. me neither.
Him out of the way. the seat's all mine.
Well. that's some cold blooded shit.
So. who abandoned who?
Hmm?
Back in the day.
Shut up.
Oh.
You. right?
You're older.
She's just been holding you back all day.
You know she's gonna leave you again. right?
Shut the fuck up!
Fucking hit me!
Grace!
Who?
Yes. yes. run her down!
That's my bitch!
Get out of the room!
What?!
I think she's leaving. boss.
Fuck!
Grace?!
Faith. Go!
What are you doing?
Get out!
Run!
Give it up. Grace.
This is for the best.
Get the fuck off her!
Come on!
One. two. three. just...
Okay. alright.
Oh my god!
We're gonna get into a golf cart!
Come on!
Let's go. let's go. let's go!
Kill him.
I don't care.
I was stalling. you idiot.
I surely did a number on you.
You look at the...
Stop treating me like I'm a fucking child.
Okay.
I am ready to take the field.
You're not allowed to. actually.
You abdicated.
You're no longer the head of your family.
And your wife controls all of your assets.
Even though she's chosen not to hunt. she still represents your family.
Pardon?
You own nothing.
I think. uh...
I think I need to lie down.
Where shall I send your brother's remains?
To your mother's asshole.
You fuck.
Have a nice nap.
Fuck you!
And fuck you. you creepy little fuck!
I fucking hate all of you!
Fuck you too.
Okay.
That's not at all sad.
I'm ready.
Give me the fucking pen.
Come on.
Come on. run. run. run.
told you to fucking run.
Just sit.
Let me...let me help pull it out.
It's gotta come out!
I'm gonna find you something for the pain.
Oh!
There's pepper spray.
You don't think?
You don't listen?
Out of all the options in front of you. you always manage to pick the dumbest one.
It's actually impressive.
How do you do it?
I saved you.
You could have saved yourself.
You could have gotten help.
I can't take care of both of us.
I can't do it.
Oh. it's all my fault.
I know.
I'm such a burden.
You're a fucking child!
The only reason I'm fucking here is because of you.
and now I'm gonna fucking die here because of you!
You would have died hours ago if it wasn't for me.
Oh. I'm sorry I didn't run away and abandon you. but that's more your thing.
I was right to fucking leave.
And I wish you never goddamn found me.
You're right.
I should have run.
Good luck.
And fuck off.
Faith. wait!
Hi. cunt.
Bye. cunt.
Fuck.
Really?
All alone again?
Huh?
Thought you could fuck with me.
Where's your sister?
She's gone!
She's probably bringing the cops right now!
We own the cops.
Goddammit!
Where the fuck are you. whore?
I'm gonna tear you apart!
You bitch!
[Spanish] ¡Hija de puta!
Slowing your sister down is the only significant
thing you've ever done and will ever do.
You're not even a person.
It's just a collection of organs and...
meaningless opinions... approximating a person.
I've been dreaming about this moment.
You obviously don't know where you are.
This is my house.
And the house always wins.
How long have you been saving that one for?
Fucking douchebag.
This was my mother's dress.
All she ever wanted was for me to be happy.
And Alex made me happy.
Shut up.
You're fucking crazy.
I'm gonna kill you now.
You stole him.
You changed him.
Dude. he didn't fucking love you.
Titus!
Titus. stop!
Titus. what the fuck are you doing?
I'm killing this girl!
Jesus Christ. Titus. we don't have time...!
Titus. wait!
We can use her.
Faith!
Grace. I know you're out there.
I have your sister. Grace.
Don't you worry. she's doing... well. she's doing just peachy.
Go on
Grace?
Yeah.
If you don't return to the lobby within the next ten minutes. she dies.
Grace. just leave me.
After she's dead. I'm gonna find you. Grace.
wherever you are. and I'm gonna kill you.
So. if you want to save your sister. get your ass to the lobby.
Hey.
After I kill your sister...
...you and I are gonna have more fun.
Take her to the lodge.
Translated and proofread by Borcolasky
Back for round two. bitch!
Yeah.
Say hi to Alex for me.
She's fucking here.
Oh. Christ!
Help me. you fucking turd!
Faith!
Grace?
Where's my sister?
I don't know.
I'm not playing anymore.
I'm an innocent bystander.
Oh shit. shit. shit!
Fuck!
Grace?
Faith!
Where is she?
I don't know.
Tell me where she is!
I don't...
Tell me where she is.
Ah!
God!
Let's dance. puta!
Shit.
Fuck.
Get out of there. Grace!
Grace!
Fuck you!
That glass may be two inches thick. but I can still
blow your sister's brains all over this window.
Grace!
You only have three seconds.
-Three...  -Don't do it!
Two...
Don't listen to him!
- One... -Okay!
Okay!
Stop!
I'll come out!
No!
Grace!
Don't!
If you marry me... Grace!
No!
Look at me!
I would rather die than you lose your soul!
That woman. she said there's a loophole to all this.
She said if we get married. you get your seat. and I get to live.
Don't know if we'll be able to get her out before dawn.
Fuck it.
I accept your proposal.
No!
Okay.
Okay. Good.
Good.
I'm going to need some assurances first so I know
you're not just going to kill us both when I come out.
I swear to you... Oh. don't swear to me!
Fucking shit for brains!
Swear to Mr. LeBail!
I swear to Mr. LeBail that no harm shall come to you or your sister.
You can't...
I'm so sorry.
I'll have everything you need brought in.
Get ready.
The guests are already arriving for coronation.
I thought maybe we could have a toast.
We're about to become family.
Grace. I never wanted to hurt you.
But I had to follow the rules.
Listen. we don't have a lot of time.
So I'm just gonna say it.
I'm scared.
It's my brother.
I didn't understand...
who he really is.
I spent my whole life...
searching for the good in him.
You know what I found?
Nothing.
Absolutely fucking nothing.
I thought I could keep him in check.
But he's lost it.
Grace. I need your help.
We have to try to control him together.
Having a seat doesn't have to be bad.
Think about all the good we could do with that power.
But I need you at my side.
Hey. Grace.
You're not like us.
You have hope.
I don't now.
You took it from me.
We are good at that.
A little girl time.
Thank you for showing me who you really are.
Titus. it's not a ...
Titus. stop.
You want to control me.
No.
You want all the power for yourself.
You do.
You always do.
Titus stop. please!
Look at me. Grace.
Grace. look at me!
Another take or look at me?
I want you to see this. Grace.
I want you to see this.
Grace!
I want you to see who I am.
I want you to see that I am not a man who can be controlled.
You mentioned the rules.
There's nothing in the rules about killing a family member.
Try to keep me in check now.
Just try it.
I told you it would be me who got you.
I'll see you at the altar.
You can't...do this
I have to.
There's no other way.
It's okay.
Shem HaMephorash!
I can't see shit move.
Nomine satani Lucifer excelsis.
In the name of our great and eternal benefactor.
come forth and bestow your blessing upon these.
In the names of Satan. Lucifer. Belial. Leviathan. come forth and bear witness.
Hail Satan.
Hail Satan!
Welcome. everyone.
I'm pleased so many of you could make it.
Not only do we have our coronation this fine morning. we also have a wedding.
Our cup runneth over.
Titus.
Your hand. please.
Your vows being made by intent. by the power of Satan.
I now confer the possession of each other upon you.
Titus Chester Danforth.
Do you take this woman. in this world and the next?
Unto the fires of hell?
I do.
And do you. Grace Elizabeth MacCaullay Le Domas. take this man to be yours?
In flesh and spirit. in this world and the next?
Unto the fires of hell?
I do.
What he hath forged in hell. let no mortal tear asunder.
We ask this in thy name. O Lord.
I now pronounce you man and wife.
You may kiss the bride.
Titus Danforth. is hereby granted the high seat of the council of Libecia.
Hail Satan.
Hail Satan!
What the fuck?
It's not against the rules to kill a family member.
Thank you for that
It's me who got you.
the fuck is happening?
Get on your knees!
Shem HaMephorash.
This means I can do whatever I want. right?
That is correct.
Huh.
I could lead this organization.
I could change the world.
So as my first act as the head of your high council
I hereby remove myself from
the council and this entire fucking organization!
Bro. can she even do that?
There's surprisingly little language about this in the bylaws. since no one believed
anyone would ever willingly give away so much power.
Okay. but then who gets the fucking seat?
Whoever's wearing the ring by dawn.
When's dawn?
In three minutes. give or take.
But it's just the council families or...
Literally anyone.
And you said if no one's wearing the ring by dawn. Mr. LeBail would be...
Very upset.
Choke on it. you inbred fucks!
I'm coming. my lord!
Shem HaMephorash!
Hail Satan!
Fire!
Fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck!
Oh. wow!
I'll kill you.
Fucking...
Someone had to burn it all down.
You are good at destroying things.
You're free.
Mhm.
See ya.
Bye.
Hi. yeah.
Hey. yeah. don't look there.
Oops
Fuck yeah!
I'm alive. bitches!
We made it!
Holy fucking shit!
I've renounced my pack. so I've been spared too!
Let's fucking party!
Jesus Christ!
Meow.
Can we go?
Okay.
Hah..Rocket launcher.
Come on. let's go!
I love you.
I love you too.
I missed you.
Yeah. well. you know. I'm not gonna have to anymore.
You're gonna get really fucking sick of me.
Promise?
I do.
What are you gonna do with the goat?
I don't know.
How many times are you gonna get married this week?
It's too soon.
It's gotta be a record.
Oh.
We're gonna go to the hospital.
I need a bath.
I stink too
Translated and proofread by Borcolasky